what up Long Beach welcome back to
Gazette sports.com it's JJ and Mike and
it's Thanksgiving football video brought
to you by maples new company before you
get numb anon the turkey you gotta need
the pigskin yeah you've got to get out
there and get warmed up it's the second
round of the CIF pac-5 playoffs Long
Beach Poly back to their favorite
tradition practicing on Thanksgiving
because after a short interruption to
that tradition last year they are back
in the second round this year you know
what this year we're really thankful
because last year we weren't able to
continue our tradition and that was to
practice on Thanksgiving obviously today
is it is a blessing sometimes we need a
little bit of setbacks to understand how
blessed we truly are I think a lot of
times we become complacent and things
just come natural to us and we are
sometimes forget to be thankful but
obviously to today we're really think
being able to practice taking on a very
good Santa Margarita team apologies
going to need their offense to be
efficient with a Hydra approach the
two-headed quarterback monster chase
hails and nick pope Pope kind of emerged
as a starter in the recent games he's
been very efficient and they're going to
look for him to manage the passing it
well man is the passing game yes but you
can't do anything without running the
ball looga and wicks going to tote the
rock and those big boys up front are
going to be going up against some big
boys in the santa margarita and that's a
big problem for the defense because
Santa margaritas o line is enormous and
they're going to have to handle those
guys up front led that unit of course
led by a defensive coordinator Jeff
curly who got to coach his son one last
time like we have excusa me when I was
one years old crawling on the football
field on Thanksgiving and for us to
finally not have a practice on
Thanksgiving make sense so like
especially this year be my senior year
means a lot because it's probably that's
been 15 straight years in 15 years that
includes the time at st. Anthony's that
has only been three Thanksgivings that i
didn't spend on the football field in
the morning so yeah last year was a very
empty lost feeling the whole day just
didn't seem right but uh we're back back
where we're supposed to be to continue
to be where they're supposed to be
probably gotta use that athleticism on
the outside they've got a lot of speed
and athleticism that is their favorable
matchup against the eagles but while
they're using their athleticism to try
and get back to the CIF pac-5 semifinals
JD and I are gonna use our athleticism
to get to our turkey dinner om nom
thanks for having us long beach we'll
see you on Friday night here at gazette
sports com